that's a big claim, i know. 
https://github.com/m0at/rvllm
web: https://docs.solidsf.com/docs/bench
proud to announce: WE DID IT!!!!  

we're outperforming vLLM on raw engine throughput, using a new 31B model from google, while also reducing VRAM required by 9.5x - enabling on-card tensor parallelism for even crazier speedups on the same hardware

when i first posted, it wasn't ready, i needed help, and thanks to the amazing power of twitter i got connected with world-class engineers that gave me some tips and guidance along the way. the encouragement to keep going was also fundamental in my commitment to getting past stoppage points. you guys made all the difference, you know who you are, thank you, each of you, so very very much.

so what happened? rvLLM didn't work? it worked? i didn't understand what that was all about!!  

parts of rvLLM worked the whole time, just depending what you were looking for. throughput and perplexity were shot though, and i was trying to do too much. people forked it for the loading speedup and it's out there in use already which is great, but i went all the way with it, including trying to beat cublast (dumb!).

also, i got into TPUs i guess? shoutout adam lol  so yeah, now you can:  rvLLM-xla to run your inference on google TPU lol, i suggest using v6e-4 for the 31B, it's insane and cheap

Provide a caption (optional)
https://docs.solidsf.com/docs/bench

Provide a caption (optional)
i think things will get a lot more active with this release - exciting times!
constructive criticism is super welcome, please try to prove my bench results wrong. would love to see more people give this a shot on proper hardware.
if you do find errors, we are better together than apart - let me know via PR/git issue, i'll jump on it, i'm financially invested in getting this right. try to be clear in your findings, be verbose, i prefer excessive wordiness with this stuff as interpretations are not always the same across every concept
next steps: this project is continuing forward, getting more serious, and will support every model i have compute credits for. i'm happy it came together, and thankful to have made some friends in the process.  
cheers,  
andy  
https://github.com/m0at/rvllm